## Programming Assignment Grading Rubric

Criterion | Approx. % of Grade | Excellent (100%) | Adequate (80%) | Poor (60%) | Not Met (0%)
------------ | ------------- | ------------ | ------------- | ------------ | ------------- 
Program Specifications / Correctness | 50%* | No errors, program always works correctly and meets the specification(s). | Minor details of the program specification are violated, program functions incorrectly for some inputs. | Significant details of the specification are violated, program often exhibits incorrect behavior. | Program only functions correctly in very limited cases or not at all.
Readability | 20% | No errors, code is clean, understandable, and well-organized. | Minor issues with consistent indentation, use of whitespace, variable naming, or general organization. | At least one major issue with indentation, whitespace, variable names, or organization. | Major problems with at three or four of the readability subcategories.
Documentation | 20% | No errors, code is well-commented. | One or two places that could benefit from comments are missing them or the code is overly commented. | File header missing, complicated lines or sections of code uncommented or lacking meaningful comments. | No file header or comments present. 
Code Efficiency | 5% | No errors, code uses the best approach in every case. | N/A | Code uses poorly-chosen approaches in at least one place. | Many things in the code could have been accomplished in an easier, faster, or otherwise better fashion.
Assignment Specifications | 5% | 	No errors | N/A | Minor details of the assignment specification are violated, such as files named incorrectly or extra instructions slightly misunderstood.| Significant details of the specification are violated, such as extra instructions ignored or entirely misunderstood.